Why should I tell you?
She was not.
My future sister. In law, yes, she wanted to see my brother, why?
I'm going to bring her back. She can't sleep anywhere but our house.
Look at those dark circles under her eyes.
It seems like you're the one who can sleep when she's not around.
I'll wait for her here if I have to.
And I won't leave until I find her.
When I know what it would take for Jasmine to forgive you,
give me one million and I will tell you.
Give me your bank account number.
Oh my you two are literally the same.
What do you mean?
I mean that you won't win her back like this.
Think about it.
Everybody's telling me to think, Jasmine.
I thought hard but I still don't know what you're thinking.
Sydney got Isaac's club's authorization.